for the event Spanish teenager Rafael
Nadal made his first trip to Argentina
and produce some fine tennis that well
and truly justified his place as the
number 7 seed but after a hard day on
the court a young man's fancy frequently
turns to a good meal and that's just
what Rafael had in mind when he went in
search of something substantial in
downtown Buenos re his tournament guide
ferried the young tennis star down the
Avenue de nueve de julio past the
obelisk which was erected in 1936 to
commemorate the city's 400th anniversary
and onto al pobre Luis one of the city's
best-known furriers or steak houses
following a warm welcome from the host
it was time to dine according to Rafael
especially when he could smell those
steaks on the grill a little bit dated
today a play had imagined and they I
need it no Nadal was quick to place an
order because by now it was eleven
o'clock a very normal eating time in
Argentina but perhaps a little late for
a hungry Spanish eighteen-year-old while
proprietor Lewis who doubles as a master
chef through the steaks on the fire
Raphael checked out some of the soccer
shirts that hang on the walls of the
restaurant Nadal's uncle Miguel uncle
Nadal is a professional soccer player
who was part of the Spanish squad that
contested the 2002 world cup also on the
walls some plates autographed by
previous visitors to this parrilla
visitors well known to Rafael including
Gaston gaudy oh who was to end Rafael's
tilted this year's title in Buenos Aires
but back to the table because this was
the time Nadal had been waiting for
and Rafael's verdict yeah in ever and
I'll stay here before but i think is
very good i like a lot the meal the me
time I think we we want to pay it will
miss me a good meal and a good night's
sleep hi it's a good life on the ATP
circuit for Rafael Nadal